README.md, before:

# Redstone Additions
A Forge mod for Minecraft 1.15.2.  The intent is to add new blocks to assist and condense certain redstone circuits into single blocks.

## Requirements
Minecraft Forge version 1.15.2-31.2.0.  Later versions should work barring any breaking changes by the Forge team.

## Additions
### Redstone Inverter
A single block replacement for converting an on signal to off, originally by feeding a redstone line into a redstone torch attached to a block to turn the torch off.

### Instant Off Repeater
A redstone repeater modification that has the normal delay of an unlocked redstone repeater when getting powered, but with the minimum delay once power stops.

May revisit the ability to lock this repeater at a later date.

### Signal Extended Observer
A modified observer that can output a signal for more than one tick.

## Planned Additions
### Glaze Container
A single block container that appears and mostly works like the block inserted but makes the block act like Glazed Terracotta and doesn't get pulled by Slime/Honey blocks.

### Vertical Redstone Wiring
Some option to make running redstone vertically (up and down) easier and more compact.  Like a "redstone ladder" except it can also transmit power down.

### Configurable Pistons
A modification of pistons that can be configured to have more than one block of reach and logic to also pull multiple blocks as if they were Slime or Honey blocks.

Commit message:

Notes changes Reworking idea of "vertical redstone wiring", rewriting readme to match Slight cleanup of code

README.md, after:

# Redstone Additions
A Forge mod for Minecraft 1.15.2.  The intent is to add new blocks to assist and condense certain redstone circuits into single blocks.

## Requirements
Minecraft Forge version 1.15.2-31.2.0.  Later versions should work barring any breaking changes by the Forge team.

## Additions
### Redstone Inverter
A single block replacement for converting an on signal to off, originally by feeding a redstone line into a redstone torch attached to a block to turn the torch off.

### Instant Off Repeater
A redstone repeater modification that has the normal delay of an unlocked redstone repeater when getting powered, but with the minimum delay once power stops.

May revisit the ability to lock this repeater at a later date.

### Signal Extended Observer
A modified observer that can output a signal for more than one tick.

## Planned Additions
### Glaze Container
A single block container that appears and mostly works like the block inserted but makes the block act like Glazed Terracotta and doesn't get pulled by Slime/Honey blocks.

### Directed Redstone Wiring / Redstone Rods
Some option to make running redstone vertically (up and down) easier and more compact, or to allow an option to run redstone through water.  Like a "redstone ladder" except it can also transmit power down.

### Configurable Pistons
A modification of pistons that can be configured to have more than one block of reach and logic to also pull multiple blocks as if they were Slime or Honey blocks.
